questions.txt

Fanney Zhu
fanneyzhu@college.harvard.edu

0.  BMP - 2^24; GIF - 2^8; JPEG - 2^24; PNG - 2^24
1.  GIF
2.  Lossy compression - some information is lost in the compression 
    process, but the loss is imperceptible to the human eye; permits
    reconstruction only of an approximation of the original data.
    Lossless compression - no information is lost in the compression
    process, so the decompressed image is exactly the same as the
    original; allows original data to be perfectly reconstructed
    from compressed data.
3.  JPEG
4.  First, the system modifies the filename's first character in the
    file's directory entry to signal that the file has been deleted
    and that the directory entry can be recycled. Then, the system
    moves all of the file's FAT clusters to the hard drive's list of 
    free clusters. The actual file data is never touched.
5.  Overwrite all addressable locations with a random character,
    overwrite against with the character's complement, and then 
    verify. Overwriting the drive's data will ensure with high 
    probability that the files deleted cannot be recovered.
6.  stdint.h is a header file that declares sets of integer types 
    that have specified widths (aka the number of bits used to store
    its value in a binary system).
7.  Assigns macros specified widths. intN_t denotes a signed integer
    type with a with of N bits and uintN_t denotes an unsigned
    integer type with a width of N bits.
8.  BYTE - 1 byte; DWORD - 4 bytes; LONG - 4 bytes; WORD - 2 bytes
9.  In ASCII - BM
10. biSize is the number of bytes required by the structure. bfSize
    is the number of bytes of the bitmap file.
11. A negative biHeight means that the bitmap is top-down, so the 
    origin is at the upper-left corner.
12. biBitCount
13. fopen might return NULL if there is no more space.
14. The third argument says to read one element.
15. 3
16. fseek, in this case, skips over any padding (by moving the 
    position indicator to a position after the padding). More 
    generally, fseek(inptr, n, location) functions in the file that 
    "inptr" points to by moving the file position "n" bytes from 
    "location" (which can be: SEEK_CUR, SEEK_SET, SEEK_END).
17. SEEK_CUR is a reference to the current position to the file
    pointer.
18. Rob Bowden
